Part I
1. make a directory called first
mkdir first

2. change directory to the first folder
cd first

3. create a file called person.txt
touch person.txt

4.change the name of person.txt to another.txt
mv person.txt another.txt

5. make a copy of the another.txt file and call it copy.txt
cp another.txt copy.txt

6. remove the copy.txt file
rm copy.txt

7. make a copy of the first folder and call it second
cp -r first second

8. delete the second folder
rmdir -rf second


Part II
1. What does the man command do? Type in man rm. How do you scroll and get out?
man is the manual for a specific commmmand. You scroll with the arrow keys and get out by pressing 'q'.

2. Look at the man page for ls. What does the -l flag do? What does the -a flag do?
The -l flag is for long format and it gives additional info. The -a shows hidden files. 

3. How do you jump between words in the terminal?
option + arrow left
option + arrow right

4. How do you get to the end of a line in terminal?
control + e

5. How do you move your cursor to the beginning in terminal?
control + a

6. How do you delete a word (without pressing backspace multiple times) in terminal?
control + w

7. What is the difference between a terminal and shell?
A terminal is a piece of software (used to be hardware) that runs the shell. A shell is the actual processor of the commands.
zsh and bash are shells and they are run in the terminal

8. What is an absolute path?
A absolute path stems from the home directory. This is the literal path from home to your destination 
Ex. ~/Desktop/UmassBootCammp

9. What is an relative path?
A relative path is based on where you are and then stems from there. Ex. cd .. moves you up one level from where you are

10. What is a flag? Give three examples of flags you have used.
A flag is a modifier for a command. This allows you to do/add additional properties. Ex -r -f -l -a


11. What do the r and f flags do with the rm command?
They modify the rm command to remove the files within the directory and then delete the directory. 

-r/-R does the deleting 
-f checks if it is empty

